Single source Iceberg (#1032)
redpanda-data/docs: modules/manage/partials/iceberg/about-iceberg-topics.adoc

In the Iceberg specification, tables consist of the following layers:

* Data layer: Stores the data in data files. The Iceberg integration currently supports the Parquet file format. Parquet files are column-based and suitable for analytical workloads at scale. They come with compression capabilities that optimize files for object storage. 
* Metadata layer: Stores table metadata separately from data files. The metadata layer allows multiple writers to stage metadata changes and apply updates atomically. It also supports database snapshots, and time travel queries that query the database at a previous point in time. 
+
--

> ** Manifest files: Track data files and contain metadata about these files, such as record count, partition membership, and file paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Manifest files: Tracks data files and contains metadata about these files, such as record count, partition membership, and file paths.
```
